PROOF 5 — THE REQUEST, PRESERVED BEFORE SENDING

  POST https://api.vercel.com/v13/deployments
  Authorization: Bearer <REDACTED — vcp_ project-scoped, fingerprint babd0443>
  Content-Type: application/json

  No teamId and no slug: the token carries its own scope.

  BODY, verbatim:

    {
      "name": "p2b-release-proofs",
      "project": "prj_al7JBBjhyxPMBGRzS9v94YEUkj4Q",
      "target": "staging",
      "gitSource": {
        "type": "github",
        "repoId": 1357368650,
        "ref": "main",
        "sha": "24a55837d2e54f7bfee12b72d7eb0c2bc7a10d2d"
      }
    }

  WHAT IS DELIBERATELY ABSENT
    projectSettings   — the entire question of proof 5. If the request carries
                        no build configuration, does the project's apply?
    files             — no inline files; the source is the git commit
    teamId / slug     — the project-scoped token supplies its own scope

  WHY target IS "staging" AND NOT "production"

    Proof 1 established that a production deployment moves two of the three
    disposable *.vercel.app aliases, despite auto-assign of CUSTOM production
    domains being disabled — those are Vercel-generated domains, and the setting
    does not cover them. Creating with target "production" would therefore very
    likely move aliases again, and this authorization excludes alias operations.

    The operator authorized "a production-targeted but staged deployment ... if
    required to use the project's Production-only test environment variables".
    "staging" is that: it builds with Production environment variables — which
    the guard needs, since P2B_GH_HDR and P2B_GH_READ_TOKEN are Production-only
    — without taking the production domains.

    THIS DOES NOT WEAKEN THE PROOF. The question is whether a request carrying
    no projectSettings inherits the project's build configuration, and the
    effective configuration is recorded on the deployment either way, including
    if the build fails. The five fields are readable regardless of outcome.

    RECORDED AS A DIFFERENCE FROM PHASE B: the release's createDeployment sends
    target "production". This proof exercises the same absent-projectSettings
    question at target "staging". If Vercel resolved build configuration
    differently per target — no reason to think it does, and nothing observed
    suggests it — that would be a gap in this evidence rather than a hidden pass.

  ONE REQUEST. If the response carries no unambiguous deployment id, the outcome
  is UNCERTAIN: no retry, and no searching deployment listings to pick one. A
  deployment chosen from a listing is a deployment whose identity was inferred,
  which is exactly the failure the release exists to prevent.
