PROOF 6 — STOPPED AT THE BASELINE GATE. NO PROMOTION WAS ISSUED.

  The gate did exactly what it was written to do: the baseline requires every
  host's served identity to be readable, two were not, and the run stopped
  before the first write. Nothing was promoted, nothing restored, nothing
  changed.

  offline harness   11 of 11 acceptance cases passed, and the critical rule was
                    checked by breaking it: weakened to resolve ambiguity on the
                    target alone, case 5 printed "all three classes match the
                    baseline: nothing happened" directly beneath its own
                    "aliases same: False". Restored, 11 pass.

  candidate         revalidated in full by exact id — project, READY, production
                    target, sha 24a5583…, rootDirectory ABSENT as proof 3
                    preserved, outputDirectory public, the provenance build
                    command, and PROVENANCE OK at a lower log index than
                    P2B-APP-BUILD-RAN with no refusal.

  production target dpl_8uZbmqqKMdEZy4T26Tsw5be7Pxpf, READY — as required.
  alias mappings    all three readable.

  *** WHY IT STOPPED ***

    p2b-release-proofs.vercel.app                       HTTP 200
      {"marker":"P2B-APP-BUILD-RAN",
       "commitSha":"afa291520b5b8173c3d933d732f2bd67dbd7d0ac",
       "deploymentId":"dpl_8uZbmqqKMdEZy4T26Tsw5be7Pxpf"}

    p2b-release-proofs-price2-book.vercel.app           HTTP 302
    p2b-release-proofs-git-main-price2-book.vercel.app  HTTP 302
      location: https://vercel.com/sso-api?url=…&nonce=…
      set-cookie: _vercel_sso_nonce=…

    Both redirect to Vercel's SSO endpoint: DEPLOYMENT PROTECTION. Not a
    transient failure, not a missing file.

  THE PATTERN, AND WHY IT MATTERS TO THIS PROOF

    The host serving the CURRENT PRODUCTION TARGET answers publicly. The two
    hosts pointing at a deployment that is NOT the current production target are
    behind SSO.

    So the baseline precondition "every host's served identity is readable"
    cannot be met while routing is split — and it would likely INVERT after a
    promotion, with the candidate's hosts becoming public and the outgoing one's
    becoming protected. Promoting would not have produced a comparable
    observation on both sides; it would have swapped which hosts could be read.

    That is a finding about the EXPERIMENT's design, not about the release.

  A CAUTION OF MINE, RESOLVED

    I recorded that build-info.json's deploymentId comes from
    VERCEL_DEPLOYMENT_ID, which had never appeared in a build log, and might be
    null. It is NOT null: the readable host exposes a real deployment id that
    matches the alias record. Served evidence can carry both fields where a host
    is readable. The caution was right to hold; the answer is now observed.

  WHAT THIS DOES NOT MEAN FOR THE CANONICAL HOSTS

    Deployment protection here is a setting on the disposable project. The
    canonical hosts are custom domains on production traffic and are not behind
    SSO. Nothing about this blockage transfers to them, and nothing here is
    evidence about price2book.com, www.price2book.com or app.price2book.com.

  OPTIONS, NONE OF THEM TAKEN — each needs authorization

    A. Classify an SSO redirect as its own class — PROTECTED — distinct from
       UNREADABLE, and record protection state as part of routing rather than as
       a failure to observe. It needs no setting change, and it is more
       informative: which hosts are protected is itself a routing fact that
       moved with the target. It does change the agreed procedure.

    B. Disable Deployment Protection on the disposable project. A
       PROJECT-SETTING CHANGE, which is not authorized, and which would also
       destroy the observation in option A.

    C. Narrow the served-identity requirement to hosts that are readable,
       recording protection separately. Weakest: it makes the precondition
       satisfiable by not asking the question.

    Recommended: A. It answers more than the original design would have, and it
    requires no write beyond the two already authorized.
